Now that you've purged your board, you've
registered for the 96boards.org website,
and we're ready to register for
the Qualcomm developer network.
We find this important because not only do
you get to access all the documentation
that's been provided at the 96boards
website, but you also are gonna gain
access to some other technical
documents by registering here as well.
So, first step would be to go to
the developer network website which
is developer.qualcomm.com.
You're gonna click the register button.
You're gonna basically go through
the exact same process we've already
went through for registration.
>> Email, password, username.
>> Yeah, but
we did wanna talk about why it's important
to get this Qualcomm developer password.
So, what is a Qualcomm ID?
Your Qualcomm ID is actually gonna
allow you to maneuver through multiple
Qualcomm websites, and
log in with the single login and password.
So definitely important to get this
registered as soon as possible
to kind of start accessing things that
you wouldn't otherwise have no access to.
Yeah, so you filled out your information,
you're almost there.
Go check your email,
that's what my email looked like.
And get your Qualcomm ID-
>> Just in case you have trouble.
>> [LAUGH] Just in case you have trouble,
yeah.
Once you've done that, your account
has been verified, you can go in and
log in for your first time.
So yeah, go ahead,
through you information in there.
Click on through, and
choose a display name.
The display name is basically kind
of like your tag, your handle.
And, yeah, as you can see,
agree with you the terms of use, again,
click on through that.
There's a notice that you have to
accept to continue, click on that, and
you are in, all right?
So as you can see at the bottom,
it kind of shows how long you've been
registered with
the Qualcomm Developer Network.
I don't know,
that's pretty cool, but yeah.
From here, you can pretty much go
anywhere you want within the site.
Check hardware, download software, forums,
there's a lot of really good resources
within this registration process.
>> And this is where you get all your
Ubuntu and Android stuff that you need,
right, for different operating systems?
>> Well, I believe you can get it here.
It is a little easier to get
through the 96boards, but
yeah, I mean, it's easy to find.
>> They have a lot of extra
software packages and stuff though,
that can help out with different types of
projects that you wanna do in the future.
I think, additional graphics and
stuff like that.
>> Yea, and we're gonna show you how to
get access to all the operating systems
later in this course, all right.